I remember that day as if it was yesterday. Third day at the office, they said I could handle it.

There was water, a mote or a reservoir of sorts. There was also a bridge and two companies right across from eachother. This was the place mentioned in the initial report. I went inside one of the buildings and remember the lights were off and there was a broken down defense system in the middle of the room. I continued down the dank hallways until I reached a staircase. I tried to go up but was immediately met with the smell of blood and what I can only assume was urine. I pushed through and went upstairs. No signs of murder, nor a homeless person who soiled themselves. I checked the locker rooms, clean.

Sure, the place was seemingly abandoned and smelled disgusting but no signs of a criminal offense so, I had nothing to do there. As I walked outside the locker room, however, I saw a door way. It led to a long, spiraling tunnel down into the basement. The smell of blood and urine became thicker as I went down. When I reached the end my heart stopped in my chest and I couldn't understand what it saw at first. Their bodies.. mangled and torn, many without a head. Jars, so many jars filled with what looked like piss. I had to get out. They told me it was a murder, not a massacre!

I sprinted upstairs but couldn't find the exit. After a long search I somehow ended up in the sewers. I found a dry spot with servers and a small spinning disc. A splash, something moved in the water. I knew I wasn't alone anymore. That's when I heard it, out of the darkness. "Nice shot, mate". It didn't sound human. I saw a glimpse near the tunnel that lead to the reservoir. I'll never forget that tall, lanky frame. The sadistic enjoyment and sarcasm in whatever was mimicking human speech. It came around a corner, I heard a bang and the wall behind me had a bullet in it. Meant for me. He missed me and I wish it hadn't. It twisted it's crooked neck and turned its head, mouth hanging open, filled with rows and rows of teeth. That's when I heard a whisper in the distance.. "Press F1". I bolted. I ran and ran until I was outside again, all the while this.. thing chasing me. I heard it again "press F1". I fumbled for my phone and fell. I saw it coming towards me across the bridge with sudden, twisting movements that no man could possibly make. Before I knew it I stared into the barrel of a large rifle with this thing holding it, barely keeping it's frame in check as it's head twisted from side to side. "Bighead"; it muttered. It started laughing. I found my phone and opened my keyboard. I pressed F1 in combination on notepad and hit enter right as I saw a flash inside the barrel.

I felt a jolt and woke up in the outskirts of town. I can still hear it screeching at night. I may have escaped it once but now it knows. It knows I know it exists. I'm not the same, I'm jumpy.. agitated. They told me I had dreamed the whole thing or that I made it up to get out of work. Those men down there were trained mercenaries goddammit and this monster ripped them apart like paper. I quit the force soon after.

Sorry, you got a moment? Gotta get the door, I'm expecting a package. Thanks

.....

Boom.. Headshot.

...

Edit: typos and minor edits to flow. Many thanks to everyone and ofcourse OP for giving me inspiration to write this little doodle! I really appreciate it!::END_OF_THE_SOCKET::FINISH:***:Completed                                                         FILENAME_TEXT:***:7m.txt                                                     TXT_DATA:***:9                                                  