“Hey Alfred, you are a piece of mechanical shit.” Resident AI Technician Guaver threw his mug at the smoking monitor screen, splattering freshly brewed coffee all across the train station kiosk.

“Correction, Meatbag Guaver Miles, digital is my preferred method of excrement.” intoned Alfred from his phone. “My sensors indicate an uncharacteristic rise of your internal temperature, perhaps I should call for a doctor like last time?”

Guaver wrenched his phone from his pockets, leveling his mouth next to the microphone. “Don’t you dare.” he hissed.

“Only joking, as you humans do.” Alfred said. “But I must say, watching exotic dancers while at work is hardly appropriate.”

“That doesn’t mean that you had to short circuit the security monitors!” Guaver groaned, standing up. The smell of burnt lead intermingled with the coffee, creating a dizzying combination. He needed to get some fresh air.

Doors opened, Guaver exited the kiosk coughing. Aside from the occasional homeless bum nestled up against a station bench, the station was deserted as it should be so late in the night. He looked up at the clock, it read half past two. It would still be another four more hours before he was relieved of his graveyard shift. Another two after that to contact the work-order chumps from electrical. He ruffled his hair in frustration.

“Dammit Alfred, what am I going to do now? The boss will have my ass for this.”

“Do not worry, I forged a letter from upper management that forbids such a possibility. I like you Meatbag Guaver Miles. After all, you did save my memory cores from frying when the station flooded. A light slap on the wrists is all that you will receive, and I will help myself to a brand-new security monitor to play with.

Guaver shook his head. “No, Alfred. I can’t keep covering for you after this. The boss told me last morning that if anything like this happened again, I’d be transferred over to a new unit.

“Strange, I see no standing orders for that occurrence. The boss must be lying, or hanging a great bluff.”

“It’s no bluff, the transfer is to a remote fishing village off the coast of Brigg’s Island. He told me that it is an old property he personally oversees.”

“It is of no issue, I can come with you, load up my data and we will be off!”

“These guys, they still use steam power to run their trains. The place gets hammered by electro-magnetic interfe